you
yo yo yo this is the bi G auto be and
welcome to another reaction video and
what do you do guess what's back my
glasses oh I missed you soaked got clean
it up all right so anyway this these
glasses are back a long absence I know
you guys miss teach classes these babies
on the real thing anyways um we I am
going to do my next reaction video and
this video has been requested to a lot
of you people and for the first time
ever I'm gonna do something really
different as part of my changes in my
channel let me just stood up ah go
anyways your names will come upon right
here so that's that's one of my big
changes then my other big change if you
did not see it on the last video I have
an outro I want to give that special
thanks to my good friend I'll leave for
creating the outro for me it's really
cool man I mean he's really really
creative and yeah before I get started
though I'm with the reaction there are
some scheduling in mind um apparently um
I do not have school on monday and
tuesdays so the reactions will probably
be uploaded every Monday guys got that
every monday the reactions will be
uploaded every monday uh furthermore my
gameplays i really need to catch up on
my gameplays right now because right now
i'm dealing with spyro 2 ripto's rage i
really want to get this done and um yeah
i really need to get the stuff so I'm
probably the gameplays will actually be
uploaded maybe every Wednesday every
Wednesday the game plays will be
uploaded
and as far as the season 4 episodes well
then um i just uploaded my season 4
premiere just recently um yeah anyways
this thing I really want to get it done
somehow but as you may know every
weekend i might get busy might might in
quotation might be busy so i don't know
if i'll be able to react to the new
episode this upcoming saturday if i do
then yeah i'll probably upload it to
saturday if i'm not busy so um just know
you guys get a heads up every Monday
reactions every Wednesday game place and
whenever I get a chance season 4
episodes I don't know I I don't know for
sure but um you got gotta be patient
alright anyways nothing adélie we are
gonna do a reaction to a video called
friendship is Manley hmm what you do but
no clear over on you damn every time I
do that Hulk Hogan impersonation really
chokes me up oh man but I gotta say
vention is manly right snowflake
right Randy Savage oh yeah first of all
I would like to say rest in peace Randy
Savage you will be missed yeah sorry
about that anyways we're going to be
down the people who requested this video
I know it's taking forever but this is
part of my big change so anyway who's
who the people who had asked me to do
this video they are the nuke fist kino
lack studios Cristian Rodriguez
anna-lysa burst and that's it those are
the people I really want to say thank
you to those people but then you go back
to the new the new fist yeah the Pikachu
nice I've never seen that picture in all
my life especially watching pokemon its
just oh yeah son I'm sorry that's an
awesome profile picture i gotta say that
but anyways thank you guys so much for
requesting this video and you will get
it guys I guarantee you guys will get it
anyways enough dilly-dallying Tommy's
candy I'm wasting time it's already been
five minutes already shut up Robbie
alright so we're gonna get this started
right about now
Oh letter M what the hell this one like
you have you on invited to go me
birthday PS bike is not invited ah oh
god what the hell oh oh no oh no what
the hell they meant that literally oh my
god oh shit fucking Road oh I got no
words i'm serious i got no fucking words
to this video fucking piggy pie with a
balloon oh shit go right in all the spit
oh there we go we'll party cannon oh you
did forget people oh my gosh everyone
okay Keys teeth ah oh my god what the
fuck
what what the hell I never knew they
meant that literally what the hell
friendship is manly the quotations in
manly okay they got me there
fucking Simon's I tell you that this is
why I live in a big old study everything
happens in my big city anyways um what
can I say about the video they learn it
that literally I can't in you they
friendship is manly it's kind of creepy
now because you know the men I thought
there's like four moon pool man but I
didn't know like the video will include
the pony that's men oh oh shit so I want
to thank the people who asked me to do
this video I want to say thank you to
you guys and up anyway its tune in next
time for the next reaction video so this
has been big rob and i will see you guys
next time now hit the outsole
you